Story Recapped here. Today, I’m going
to explain a horror film called,
“Drag Me To Hell.” Spoilers
ahead! Watch out and take care.
In 1969 Pasadena, a young distraught couple brings
in their son to a medium named Shaun San Dena.
The boy has been hearing voices for three days
thinking someone is after him. It turns out
he stole a silver necklace from a gypsy wagon,
but even returning the necklace didn’t stop the
voices. San Dena takes the boy into her house
and begins to perform a ritual to save him,
but it’s too late. The shadows have come to take
the boy. Suddenly, an unseen force pushes the
adults away. Feeling terrified, the boy runs away
and trips over to the balcony. San Dena runs after
him and sees the boy, unmoving on the tiled floor.
As the parents run over to their son, a crack
opens up on the floor, and burned arms drag the
boy to the depths of hell. The crack disappears
and so does the boy. San Dena makes a vow to
meet with the devil again and redeem herself.
At present time Pasadena, Christine Brown is
working at a bank as a loan officer. Gearing
up for a big promotion, Christine has her
heart set on becoming assistant manager. She’s
determined to impress her boss, Mr. Jim Jacks,
and beat her rival, Stu Rubin. Unfortunately,
Mr. Jacks doesn’t think she can handle tough
decisions and isn’t taking her seriously. He sends
her on an early lunch break and asks her to bring
two sandwiches for him and Stu. Feeling dejected,
Christine visits her boyfriend, Clay Dalton, who’s
a psychology professor at a nearby university.
After having lunch together, Christine gives
him a rare coin to add to his coin collection.
She kisses him goodbye as his phone rings. As
she’s walking away, she hears Clay’s mother
on the phone with him. Clay comes from a rich
and upper-class family and Mrs. Dalton doesn’t
like the idea of his son dating some unknown
farm girl. She walks away and arrives at work
feeling more down than ever. Stu is still on
his way sucking up to the boss. She needs to
learn how to handle tough decisions if she wants
this promotion to impress the Daltons. Her chance
comes in the form of a peculiar-looking old
lady with a glass eye named Mrs. Slyvia Ganush.
The bank is repossessing Mrs. Ganush’s house
because she’s unable to pay her mortgage.
She’s come for an extension for her mortgage but
it turns out she’s already been given an extension
by the bank twice. Wanting to stand her ground and
show her boss that she can handle tough decisions,
Christine flatly rejects Mrs. Ganush’s appeal and
tells her that there’s nothing she can do about
it. Mrs. Ganush rises from her chair and begs
Christine on her knees to get her house back.
Christine backs away, feeling weirded
out by the situation, and calls security.
The old lady drops down on the floor and looks
at Christine, feeling completely humiliated.
Mrs. Ganush lunges at her but security grabs
her and forces her out. Christine feels shaken
by the incident but Mr. Jacks is impressed that
she was able to stand her ground. As a reward,
he lets her handle an important client for the
bank and reassures her about the promotion.
Later that night after work, Christine
walks into the dark parking lot alone.
She sees a lone car sitting across from
hers that looked like Mrs. Ganush’s own car.
The paranoia is creeping in now as she
hurries to her vehicle. She turns her head,
thinking she’s heard a sound and jams her
keys into the door. She hurries inside and
spots a handkerchief floating in the air towards
her. It takes the shape of the old woman’s face
and she screams. As Christine turns to face her
backseat, Mrs. Ganush appears and grabs her head.
Christine screams as she tries to break
free and grabs the stapler from her box.
She slams the stapler into the woman’s face
multiple times before her feet step on the gas.
The car runs backward and rear-ends another car,
forcing the woman to loosen her grip. She wraps
her arms around Christine’s neck, strangling her,
as Christine shifts the gear forward and steps on
the gas one more time. She pulls down her seatbelt
and crashes directly into another parked car,
tossing Mrs. Ganush forward and knock the dentures
out of her mouth. The old woman tries to bite her
with her slimy toothless gums but Christine pushes
her back and stabs a ruler into her mouth. She
kicks the lady out of the car and locks the door.
Mrs. Ganush grabs a brick and drags her out of the
car. As Christine prepares for another attack, the
old woman reaches out to her coat and grabs one
of her coat buttons. She smiles in delight as she
whispers into the button and calls on Lamia. Mrs.
Ganesh returns the button to Christine and tells
her that she will soon come begging her. Christine
passes out and when wakes up, Mrs. Ganesh is
gone. She calls the police and her boyfriend.
Clay rescues Christine from the scene. As they
walk to his car, Christine gets the urge to have
her fortune read. Clay is skeptical but joins her
anyway. They meet the seer, a man named Rham Jas.
In a small dark room, Rham Jas begins to read
Christine’s fortune. He feels that something’s
been taken from her, specifically a coat
button. As he sees into Christine’s future,
wind enters the room and breaks one of his framed
pictures. He then sees the mark of the devil upon
her. Rham Jas backs away and tells her that
someone must have cursed her. He tries to give
them back their money, hands them his business
card, and sends them away. Clay drives them home,
still skeptical about the session, and tells
Christine that he’ll be back in an hour, leaving
her alone in the house with their cat. Christine
tries to relax after the day’s unsettling events,
but it’s too late. The curse is slowly beginning
to take place. After baking a cake, she puts away
her things and sees an old picture of her. She
crumples the picture, wanting to leave her farm
girl past behind her. Just then, she hears a sound
coming from the door and sees the gate wide open.
A strong gust of wind makes her gasp as it roams
all around the house and turns off the power.
She runs into the kitchen and closes the window.
The wind stops and the house falls into silence.
She grabs a flashlight and watches as the
shadows on the wall form into a horned figure.
She’s tossed back into the cabinets and falls
to the floor with a busted lip just as the
power comes back on. Clay arrives and calls a
doctor to check on her. He reassures her that
it’s just post-traumatic stress and things will
get better. He suggests going on a weekend trip
to his parent’s cabin and this cheers her up. They
settle in for the night and as Christine sleeps, a
fly enters the room and creeps around her face. It
enters her mouth and she wakes up coughing. When
she settles back into bed, she screams as she sees
the decaying corpse of Mrs. Ganush beside her.
The corpse pins her down to the bed and vomits
maggots all over her face. Christine sits right
up on the bed and feels relieved that it was just
a nightmare. Clay drives her over to work and she
enters the bank, still feeling stressed over
what happened yesterday. She doesn’t know why,
but she feels as if the universe has shifted.
She feels paranoid and sees traces of Mrs. Ganush
everywhere she looks. She gets impatient with
Stu and shouts at him. Suddenly, her phone rings
and she answers it but blood starts dripping
from her nose. Mr. Jacks approaches her to ask
what’s wrong, but she starts projectile vomiting
blood onto her boss. Feeling horrified, she grabs
her things and runs out. Unbeknownst to her,
Stu steals her client documents from her desk.
Christine makes her way to the house
of Mrs. Ganush’s granddaughter, Ilenka.
She begs Ilenka to let her in and apologize
to her grandmother so that she can help and
make things right. Ilenka scoffs at
her but leads her into the basement.
Christine makes her down and finds herself in a
bizarre ceremony. People were eating, talking, and
drinking as she looks for Mrs. Ganush. Suddenly,
she trips into something and lands on the floor
with Mrs. Ganush’s corpse on top of her. It turns
out Mrs. Ganush is dead and this is her funeral.
The relatives help carry the corpse off her as
Christine stands up to regain her composure.
Ilenka arrives at her side and tells her that
she deserves everything that’s coming for her.
Christine shudders as she looks at the corpse
that is now staring at her. Even in death, Mrs.
Ganush wouldn’t let her go. Christine decides to
see Rham Jas and learns that she’s being hunted by
a Lamia. The Lamia is the Black Goat which gypsies
summon to do their evil deeds. The Lamia torments
its victim for three days before revealing itself
and taking the accursed object and the soul of
its owner. The accursed object is something taken
from the victim, is cursed, and then given back.
Christine gasps as she realizes that her accursed
object is her coat button. Rham Jas advises her
that if she wants the Lamia off her back, she can
try appeasing it by sacrificing an animal and then
hands her a book that shows her how to do it.
Christine returns back home and feels haunted by
Lamia. She hears a sound coming from the house and
sees the shadow of the devil outside her house.
She runs upstairs and sees the shadow walking up
the stairs. She backs away and locks herself in
the bedroom and tries to call her boyfriend. A
picture of Mrs. Ganush appears on her phone and
she tosses it away. The Lamia is now outside
her door, its hands reaching out to take her
soul to hell. Christine runs to the window but
Lamia appears and bursts its way in. The window
breaks as she’s lifted into the air in a circle.
Her things float around her as she’s wrung about
like a lifeless doll before being thrown back
to the floor. She looks around the messy room
and feels determined about her decision. She
goes back to the kitchen, grabs a knife, and
sacrifices their cat. After she buries the corpse
of their pet in the backyard, Clay arrives and
tries to postpone their dinner with his parents
but Christine insists that she wants to go.
They arrive at Dalton’s villa and are
received coldly by Mr. and Mrs. Dalton.
Mr. Dalton is tolerable of their relationship,
but Mrs. Dalton is a downright snob and doesn’t
miss a chance to make Christine feel
unwelcome. During dinner, Mrs. Dalton
interrogates Christine and gets her to admit the
troubled past she had while living on a farm.
For once, Mrs. Dalton is impressed by Christine’s
honesty. The atmosphere turns light as they all
laugh together, but Christine feels nothing
but dread as she hears a distant sound.
She pokes her cake and finds an eyeball in it.
She stabs it with a knife and blood oozes out.
Suddenly, she hears a loud ringing in her
head. She tries to keep her composure but
is soon sent into a coughing fit. She spits out a
fly from her mouth and it horrifies Mrs. Dalton.
Christine hears the loud ringing noise again,
but this time paired with thunderous knocks.
She’s fed up with everything and throws a glass at
the door, screaming for Lamia to leave her alone.
Mr. and Mrs. Dalton is taken aback as Christine
leaves. Christine visits Rham Jas again and is
angry at him for making her sacrifice their cat
for nothing. He reminds her that these are dark
and powerful spirits that they’re dealing with.
He knows someone who can help her, but this person
won’t be willing to put themselves at risk for
free. He tells Christine that she needs $10,000
in cash by tomorrow. The next day, Christine
finds herself in Mr. Jack's office and asks him
if she can get an advance as the new assistant
manager. He informs her that the promotion has
been delayed because their biggest client went
to another bank for their deal and he’s thinking
of giving the position to Stu anyway. Christine
goes back home, feeling desperate, and strips her
house of any loose cash. As she goes into the
shed to start selling some of her old stuff,
Mrs. Ganush appears from behind a curtain and pins
her to the wall by the neck. Christine struggles
as she cuts a rope and sends an anvil straight
onto the old woman’s head. Her head bursts and
blood splatters all over Christine’s face, but she
wakes up and finds that it’s just a hallucination.
She sells her stuff at a pawnshop, but she still
needs more money. Clay arrives and finds her
crying in the kitchen with the money. He tells
her that he already paid Rham Jas in full. Even
though he’s skeptical about the whole thing,
he cares about Christine and if this is what it
takes for her to be at peace, then he’s willing
to do it. She thanks him and gives him a hug.
They drive up to an old mansion
and are received by Rham Jas who
introduces them to an older Shaun
San Dena and her assistant, Milos.
San Dena believes what Christine is going through
and shares with her the story of a young boy who
was also cursed by Lamia. She’s waited all these
years to finally destroy the beast and tonight,
the opportunity has come. San Dena takes them to
a grand room with a seance table in the center.
In this place, there is a special doorway in
the center through which spirits pass through.
They take their seats at the table as Milos ties
a goat next to Christine. San Dena takes out a
machete and tells her that they will force
Lamia into the goat and Milos will use the
machete to strike the animal dead. They hold hands
together as San Dena starts the ritual. Suddenly,
the chanting stops, and the objects around them
start moving around. Christine gasps as she sees
a group of spirits walking towards them. San
Dena sends the unsettled souls away and feels
Lamia coming in. Christine turns around and hears
the sound of hooves as it comes closer. A loud
ringing bursts into her head and then stops.
San Dena gasps as Lamia takes over her body.
Rham Jas talks to Lamia and asks her what she
wants. It wants Christine’s soul. It lunges for
Christine but touches the goat instead. Milo gets
up from his chair and drives the machete towards
the animal but ends up cutting the rope loose.
The goat bites his hand and transfers the Lamia
to him. Milos starts dancing above the table as
Rham Jas commands him to leave. The spirit throws
a chair to the seer, knocking him out. Christine
tries to run away but is blocked by Lamia. Lamia,
in Milos’s body, throws up her cat’s corpse,
telling her it doesn’t want anything but her
soul. Rham Jas gains consciousness and helps San
Dena to her feet to banish the spirit. San Dena
commands Lamia and pulls it away from Christine.
She holds it above the table and pulls out the
spirit in the form of red smoke from Milos’s body.
The smoke disappears and Milos collapses on the
table, back to his old self. Christine thanks San
Dena but she faints to the floor. Rham Jas tries
to revive her but it’s too late, the ritual has
taken an enormous strain on her body and she dies.
As San Dena’s body is wheeled into the ambulance,
Rham Jas tells Christine that it’s not over yet.
Lamia is still free to roam about and will come
for her because the goat was never slaughtered.
The only way now is to pass the accursed object
to someone else so that Lamia will take them
instead of Christine. They place the button into
an envelope and he tells Christine that she has
until morning to get rid of it. On the way home,
Christine lies to Clay and tells him that it’s all
over. She sees Mrs. Ganush on the road and they
stop, almost running over an old man. Her files
are thrown on the floor, including the envelope
with the button. She now feels the weight of her
decision in her bag. She has to pass this course
to someone else or else she’ll burn in hell.
They arrive at home but Christine tells Clay that
she’ll meet him at the station for their weekend
trip. She panics for a second as she searches
her files for the envelope but quickly finds it.
Christine goes to a diner and searches
for a person to pass the curse. Suddenly,
she has an idea. She calls Stu on the phone and
blackmails him into coming, threatening to tell
Mr. Jacks that it was Stu who stole the documents
off her desk and led their biggest client to make
the deal with their rival bank. Stu arrives in
a matter of minutes and begs Christine not to
rat him out to their boss. He breaks down crying
and she feels sorry for him and changes her mind.
She asks him to leave and is now feeling
desperate. She visits Rham Jas who tells her
that she can give the accursed object to a dead
person. Christine grabs a shovel and makes her way
to the cemetery. The same handkerchief appears as
she drives, taking the shape of Mrs. Ganush tries
to suffocate her. She stops the car and rips the
cloth apart. She grabs her shovel and enters the
cemetery. She digs up Mrs. Ganush’s corpse, opens
up her mouth, and makes a formal declaration,
transferring the ownership of the accursed button
back to the old woman. The rain starts filling in
the hole as Christine desperately tries to get
out. The corpse floats around and drags her down
to the water as the cross falls down on her head.
In a matter of seconds, Christine emerges from the
water and uses the cross to pull herself out. She
goes back home by morning, feeling happy now that
she’s finally free from the gypsy’s curse. She
packs her bags for their trip and Mr. Jacks calls
her to let her know that she got the promotion
after they found out it was Stu who gave out the
insider information. Christine drives up to the
station to meet up with Clay but decides to buy
a new coat, especially for the trip. Meanwhile,
Clay is waiting for her with an engagement ring
in her pocket. They finally meet and Christine
thanks him for fully supporting her throughout the
whole thing. He asks her about her old coat but
she tells him that she threw it away. Just then,
Clay pulls out an envelope containing the cursed
button. It turned out that Christine took the
wrong envelope and gave Mrs. Ganush the rare coin
that she meant to give to Clay. Christine gasps
as she backs away and falls into the train tracks.
He runs towards her to help her but it’s too late.
The train speeds over as a hole erupt from beneath
Christine as burned hands pull her down to the
depths of hell. Clay can only stand and watch in
disbelief as the new owner of the cursed button.